---
layout: default
---
# Make a Blanket Statement at Catskill Conf

Looking forward to hearing all the great ideas at Catskill Conf? 

Naturally fidgety?

Don’t want to be rude by: constantly checking your phone? Daydreaming? Doodling? 

Want to be even more constructive while filling your head with interesting new ideas?  

Put needles (or hooks) and yarn in your hands and help us construct the second annual Catskill Conf blanket(s) for Project Linus.

The project will run in a few ways:

Learn how to knit at Catskill Conf. I will be available before breakfast, during meals, during session breaks and as an alternative during the activity times. Caveat: I can only actively teach 2-3 newbies at a time -- but can do many over the course of the weekend.  Then, knit blocks during the conference. 
Or … Bring premade knit or crocheted 7 inch X 9 inch blocks. Our palette this year is woodsy colors … browns, oranges, greens and blues. Stuff that theoretically coordinates with the ton of burgundy yarn that I have.
And / Or … knit the blocks during the conference.  There will be more than enough yarn available for a large blanket, as well as knitting needles (and a few crochet hooks), scissors and rulers. Feel free to bring your own supplies (size 7 or 8 needles or crochet hook H/I).

Materials (needles, hooks, yarn, rulers and scissors) will be available to borrow. 

Blocks brought to the conference should be made in a worsted weight (medium weight) acrylic yarn using any pattern that makes you happy. A box or bag will be provided to leave completed blocks in. 

As the blocks are finished, they will joined into a blanket. Work in progress will be on display all weekend.

The completed blanket(s) will be donated to a Project Linus chapter for distribution. Any left over blocks will be added to those made by a Warm Up America / Project Linus  group and incorporated into a blanket.

Last year we made one complete blanket which was donated to the NYC chapter of Project Linus. I am hoping to be able to complete 2 blankets this year but that will require people making the blocks ahead of time and bringing them to the conference.

The block size is 7 X 9 (inches) or 9 X 7. Direction does not matter.

Thank you!

Devorah Zamansky




